.TH "llwr" "8" "2016-11-12" "Linux" "System Manager's Manual"
.SH NAME 
llwr \- low latency wireless required
\"
run a program with reduced wireless network latency
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBllwr\fP \fBCOMMAND\fP [ \fIARG\fP... ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Temporarily disables dynamic power savings in any supported wireless
networking modules, runs \fBCOMMAND\fP, and turns power savings back on
again when \fBCOMMAND\fP exits.
\"
Dynamic power saving will put any supported wireless communication
modules to sleep when the system guesstimates that there isn't going to
be any network traffic for a few milliseconds. This is absolutely
desired for battery powered devices to reduce power consumption.
.B llwr
will disable dynamic power saving on all supported wireless modules for
as long as
.B COMMAND
runs.
\"
.B llwr
is useful when running programs -- such as games, stock trading, and
distributed compilers -- that requires lower than normal network
latency on devices where dynamic power saving is normally desired.
\"
If dynamic power save mode is disabled or unsupported, or even if there
are no wireless communication devices present on the system, then
\fIllwr\fP will leave it disabled and run 
.B COMMAND
anyway. Any
.B ARG
is passed on to
.B COMMAND.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
\fCllwr su www-data -c httpd -d\fR
Start a web server daemon as another user.
.TP
\fCsudo llwr su peter -c steam\fR
Let the user peter play Steam games with less lag.
.TP
\fCllwr sleep 2h &\fR
Disable dynamic power saving for two hours.
.SH BUGS
GitHub Issue Tracker <https://github.com/da2x/llwr/issues>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR iw (8)
.SH AUTHOR
Daniel Aleksandersen (https://www.daniel.priv.no/)
